docs: updated glossary page with che-code (rhdevdocs-4580) (#2506)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/glossary/partials/con_glossary.adoc

This section provides an overview of the main terms and expressions used throughout {prod} documentation.

== Naming
{prod}:: A developer platform for the cloud that provides an in-browser editor (IDE). You can enhance {prod-short} tools by adding development services, such as language servers, debug adapters, or IDEs packaged as containers.

> Che-Code:: The default editor component of a {prod-short} workspace. It is a {prod-short}-specific customization of the Visual Studio Code editor. You can enhance Che-Code with link:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/VSCode[Visual Studio Code extensions].

Reviewer: the link should rather point to https://open-vsx.org because the embedded registry is a distribution of it.

> Che-Code:: The default editor component of a {prod-short} workspace. It is a {prod-short}-specific customization of the Visual Studio Code editor. You can enhance Che-Code with link:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/VSCode[Visual Studio Code extensions].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Che-Code:: The default editor component of a {prod-short} workspace. It is a {prod-short}-specific customization of the Visual Studio Code editor. You can enhance Che-Code with link:https://open-vsx.org[Visual Studio Code extensions].
```

> Che-Code:: The default editor component of a {prod-short} workspace. It is a {prod-short}-specific customization of the Visual Studio Code editor. You can enhance Che-Code with link:https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/VSCode[Visual Studio Code extensions].

Reviewer 2: AFAIK, we do have `che-code` as an editor id value in the docs, but we don't use it as editor name.
According to https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CRW-3098, we call the editor `Visual Studio Code - Open Source`.

{prod-short} Workspace:: A container-based development environment managed by {prod}. Every {prod-short} workspace is defined by a devfile. A {prod-short} workspace consists of an editor, runtime and build containers, and other development tools running inside containers.

== Terminology

`Editor`:: A web application used as an editor in a workspace.

`Plugin`:: Plugins are services that extend {prod-short} workspace capabilities. {prod-short} plugins are packaged as containers. Plugins are extensions of an editor or a service running in the container.
//TODO See for a diagram of {prod-short} extensibility architecture. 
Both {prod-short} plugins and editors are distributed through the {prod-short} plugins registry.
 

> Workspace:: A container-based development environment managed by {prod}. Every  {prod-short} workspace is defined by a devfile. A  {prod-short} workspace consists of an editor, plugins and runtime containers. Workspace runtime containers can be defined as simple container images or as {platforms-name} resources. A {prod-short} workspace can be associated with source code projects hosted on a remote CVS server. A {prod-short} workspace can contain the definition of one or more commands such as `run`, `build`, or `debug`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Workspace:: A container-based development environment managed by {prod}. Every  {prod-short} workspace is defined by a devfile. A  {prod-short} workspace consists of an editor, plugins, and runtime containers. Workspace runtime containers can be defined as simple container images or as {platforms-name} resources. A {prod-short} workspace can be associated with source code projects hosted on a remote CVS server. A {prod-short} workspace can contain the definition of one or more commands such as `run`, `build`, or `debug`.
```
